\N 	0	Bloodletting	In a flashback sequence, before the zombie apocalypse, Lori is waiting for Carl at school and tells a friend that she had an argument with Rick the night before. Shane arrives and tells her that Rick is in the hospital because of what happened on the road. In the present, Rick runs seeking help, carrying Carl in his arms while Shane follows them with the hunter, Otis, who had accidentally shot Carl. They reach a farm and Carl is attended by an old man called Hershel. He finds that the bullet has shattered into six fragments and he needs Rick's blood for transfusion to Carl. He withdraw one piece, but he concludes that he needs surgical supplies to remove the other five fragments. Shane and Otis head to a school that is surrounded by walkers to get the medical supplies. One of Hershel's daughters rides a horse to find the searchers and brings Lori to the farm. Meanwhile Dale finds that T-Dog's arm is badly infected and he needs antibiotics. The group agrees to split up, some spending the night on the road waiting for Sophia, planning to travel to the farm in the morning, while Glen drives T-Dog to the farm to get him medical help. When Lori finds that Mr. Hershel is a veterinary, she expresses doubt about his ability to save Carl. Meanwhile, Shane and Otis get the necessary supplies but are under siege by dozens of walkers.	8.0	2	2	tt1520211	
\N 	0	Seven Thirty-Seven	Having completed their deal with Tuco in the junkyard, Walt and Jesse realize just how crazy and violent he can be. Jesse is convinced that he's seen Tuco's black SUV going up and down his street. Walt puts it down to paranoia - until he sees a black SUV parked just down the block from his house. Jesse's solution is to shoot Tuco before he kills them but Walt has a better idea. Panic sets in however when they think Tuco is killing his associates. Hank reviews the security surveillance footage of the warehouse break-in without realizing it's Walt and Jesse. Skyler tells Hank about Marie's shoplifting and gets a surprising reaction.	7.8	2	1	tt0903747	
\N 	0	Blackwater	Confident of victory, Stannis Baratheon's fleet and army arrive at King's Landing and the battle for the city begins. The Lannisters are badly outnumbered but Tyrion has make sensible preparations and strikes a blow. When no one else will lead the troops beyond the city wall, Tyrion decides he will do so himself. Cersei plans for her and her children's future. It appears they are all headed for certain death but help suddenly arrives.	9.2	2	9	tt0944947	
